EPISODE 2
Luwei Weiwei!
Yixiao Naihe?
The server's number one player,
A lord! An idol! A rich guy!
Yes, Mr. Yixiao Naihe?
What do you think of the wedding?
Did he come to gossip, too?
It's grand.
Would you like an even grander wedding?
Form an in-game marriage with me.
Did your account get hacked?
Did you see the latest news
on the official website?
The battle championship?
You're approaching me
for the battle championship?
Yes.
Why me?
You're the only female player
on the top-10 dueling ranking.
Mr. Naihe is quite formidable.
He's ranked number one
on the PvP ranking.
If I work with him,
I'll have at least 50 percent chance
of winning.
My first in-game marriage was for a quest.
Should PvP battle be the reason
for my second in-game marriage?
On the other hand,
if not for quest or PvP,
why should I be tied down to a stranger?
Plus, the rewards are great.
I'll do it. Let's go to the Rock of Lives.
Wait.
I need to prepare for it.
Eight o'clock, three days from now.
- Prepare for what?
- The wedding banquet.
A registration will do.
It's just a battle championship.
Why make a big fuss?
I'm Yixiao Naihe.
My wedding can't be haphazard.
Every day feels the same,
except for today.
Bros!
Good news.
There's a chance that we'll get a date!
Hey! Can't you give me
some sort of a reaction?
What's with getting a date?
Is it a rarity?
I can just get a pack of dates
at the supermarket.
My goodness!
No wonder you're still single.
I'm serious!
I met a girl, a while back.
She's the campus belle, okay?
I think I've heard of
her. Meng Haoran, right?
What? No!
Meng Haoran is the poet who wrote
"Song of Everlasting Sorrow."
Her name is Meng Yiran!
Sorry.
And? That girl is interested in you?
Of course!
I'm handsome!
It would be illogical
if she were not into me.
I've been waiting for the girl
to come seduce me.
Just now, I got contacted.
The campus belle's computer is busted.
She wants me to go fix it.
How is it busted?
I think the RAM stick is broken.
It's not challenging at all. Boring!
You should all be single forever!
Come on, hear me out.
Let's storm into their dorm.
Fix her computer, get some grub,
and then...
I'm interested,
but could she be, in fact,
after someone else?
Mr. Hou,
one should always know his own limit.
Our target was never the campus belle.
It's the girls around the campus belle.
We'll leave the pure campus belle to...
I've already got an in-game spouse.
I'll introduce you someday.
You've got an in-game spouse?
That means I'm a family man.
I shouldn't fix another girl's computer.
If you're interested, you should go.
Mr. Xiao Nai!
I'm dying to meet your in-game spouse!
That's right, Nai. I want to meet
the seductress who stole your heart!
You're the girl
who swindled our buddy Nai?
Where are your manners? Get lost!
You're the girl
who's swindled by our buddy Nai?
You are...
They're my teammates.
Mo Zha Ta, Houzi Jiu, and Yugong Pashan.
Hello, everyone! Nice to meet you.
Mrs. Nai does exist?
The forever-single guy has a wife!
Now we won't be belittled
whenever we go into an instance dungeon.
They won't call us
the "single nerds team" anymore.
Mrs. Nai's handle looks familiar.
Now that you mention it,
I think she ranked in the top 10.
I remember now! Luwei Weiwei...
Zhenshui Wuxiang's former in-game spouse?
Are you really Zhenshui Wuxiang's
ex in-game spouse?
Naihe and I are...
Yes, she put her trust in the wrong guy.
Don't give her a hard time.
Fine. Got it.
As the saying goes,
"Who among us
hasn't encountered some rascals?"
Mrs. Nai, forget him.
Nai is infinitely better.
Let's get to know each other
by going to an instance dungeon.
Pretty good, Mrs. Nai!
It's rare to find someone
who can keep up with us.
Thanks.
The compliment isn't for you.
When is your in-game wedding banquet?
Don't forget to invite us.
Day after tomorrow.
- Day after tomorrow? Isn't it your...
- It's fine. There's time.
Are you busy that day?
We can reschedule.
No, the day after tomorrow is auspicious.
It's good for weddings.
Dude, you amaze me.
You picked an auspicious day
for your virtual wedding?
What is that weird thing
you're looking at?
What is that weird smile on your face?
What? There's nothing weird about me.
I'm quite serious.
I'll see for myself.
The basketball game is today.
When are we going to grab our seats?
Right, the basketball game is today, too!
Maybe I shouldn't go. I'm busy tonight.
What? You're not going
to Xiao Nai's basketball game?
Are you in Xiao Nai clan or not?
Disqualified!
Come on! There are few of us girls
in Computer Department as it is.
We should show our support!
Come on. Let's go.
Fine, I'll go. I just need to leave early.
- Get your things.
- Let's go.
I'm on my way. See you there.
Xiaoling, Dazhong is here!
Finally! If you came any later,
I wouldn't be able to keep your seats.
It's only three.
Doesn't the game start at six?
With the draw of Mr. Xiao,
everyone has come to secure a seat.
I heard even Meng Yiran is here, okay?
Campus belle?
Why do you care that she's here?
No. I only heard it from others.
I haven't looked at her once.
- Just lead the way.
- Okay, let's go.
Here it is.
Dazhong, when will Mr. Xiao be here?
He won't wait until six, will he?
He has to warm up before the game, no?
Right? We got here so early,
just so we wouldn't miss the warm-up.
Xiaoling, are you here to see me
or to see Mr. Xiao?
To see Mr. Xiao, of course!
Why would I come to see you?
You're here for Mr. Xiao?
Then you should go.
Mr. Xiao might not show up today.
What about the poster?
The poster was our idea.
Would the gym be packed otherwise?
What? It's false advertising?
What the heck?
A gym full of girls fell for your lie!
We never said
the guy on the poster was Mr. Xiao.
You imagined it on your own.
It has nothing to do with me.
If so, why are we here so early?
Come on, let's go back to the dorm.
We'll get something to eat. Let's go!
Xiaoling, are you my girlfriend or not?
If you leave,
you won't be able to keep your seats.
Don't worry, if Mr. Xiao doesn't show up,
there will be plenty of empty seats.
- Get out of my way. Go on!
- Xiaoling.
ZHIYI TECH
GAMING STARTUPS INTERACTIVE MEET UP
Hello.
This way, please.
He's here.
Many teams have arrived.
I looked at the guest list.
They're all heavyweights today.
There's the familiar Fengteng Technology,
executives from
NetEase Games' investment division,
and Expanse Capital.
Nai,
don't be nervous.
Are you kidding?
Cocky! That's the Nai we know!
Okay, let's go.
See? Just as I predicted.
Half of the crowd is gone.
Weiwei!
I saw Meng Yiran and her sidekick.
Over there!
Does she have a crush on Mr. Xiao?
That's a given! Of course, she does!
She must be into him.
Thankfully Mr. Xiao is aloof
and doesn't care for anyone.
If she bags him,
I'll cry for three days straight.
The game's starting. Eyes on the court!
Here we go again.
Ms. Weiwei, if we win,
can I treat you to a late-night supper?
- Will you lose?
- Of course not!
- Go get them!
- I will win for sure!
That boy is so gullible.
I hate little boys like that.
He uses the result as leverage!
What if Weiwei doesn't want to?
What if Weiwei turns him down?
Will he blame Weiwei if he loses?
Ms. Weiwei has really improved
her rejection tactic.
You're too kind.
I've just had a lot of practice.
GAMING STARTUPS INTERACTIVE MEET UP
Great. Many thanks.
After nearly an hour of presentation
from various teams,
I'm sure you're all quite dazzled.
The last presentation is from Zhiyi Tech.
What kind of surprise will they bring us?
Please welcome them.
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
My name is Xiao Nai of Zhiyi Tech.
It's my honor to present the mobile game
developed by our team.
The biggest distinction of L10
is that it has combined
many different gaming formats.
L10 is a real-time combat,
multiplayer online game.
Its best features are cool,
flashy combat,
various ways of gameplay,
and a virtual social networking system.
L10 offers the experience
of intense gameplay
with the leisure and ease
of a mobile game.
In the mobile world of L10,
players can enjoy thrilling combats,
as well as experience the rich,
epic world of ancient civilization.
L10 offers social networking,
in addition to fierce battling.
Why don't we cheer for Team Computer?
- Sure.
- One, two...
Go, Team Computer!
He's scoring! Take a picture.
- Let me see.
- Here.
- He's awesome!
- Let me take more.
- Go!
- Go, Team Computer!
Mr. Xiao?
Are you still a student?
Yes, I'm a senior at Qing University.
Heroes have always been made young.
Your technology and design
have piqued our interest.
When are you free?
Come have a chat at my office.
That's a pleasure I'm afraid to ask for.
Your game is very lively
and down-to-earth.
However, Mr. Xiao isn't so down-to-earth.
Thankfully I'm promoting a game,
instead of myself.
Mr. Xiao, this is my business card.
Let's meet next week.
Mr. Xiao, I'm from Zhenyi Tech.
This is my business card.
I'm impressed with your presentation.
You're a highly capable young man.
Would you be free to come to my office
this Thursday for a chat?
I'll be sure to pay you a visit
on Thursday.
Great. See you then.
Don't let me keep you.
Many have expressed interest.
Looks like we'll get a good offer.
We'll find out after the meetings.
It's getting late. I have a date.
Here we go, misters.
- Mrs. Nai is here.
- Is she?
Sorry, I'm late.
It's fine. I just got here, too.
Why is there a crowd?
Lu Ren Jia and Ji Shi Yu
are leaders of major clans.
What are they doing here?
You can ask them.
Congratulations.
Mr. Naihe once did me a great favor.
Now that he's found his bride,
how can I miss out on the fun?
Of my clan,
everyone who is free today is here.
They will follow the carriage
on their horses.
It will surely be a spectacular scene.
That's right. My clan is here, too.
Let's all have fun together.
We're all waiting
for Mr. Naihe's red envelop.
A red envelop for each one of them?
Will he go bankrupt?
What's this?
A betrothal gift.
I don't want it.
It's for battling.
This is my dowry. It's not much.
I'll make it up to you later.
You're all I need.
It's time.
ROCK OF LIVES
Luwei Weiwei, Yixiao Naihe,
make your eternal vows and take
each other as your in-game spouse.
You're now the 158,999th couple
married in this server.
May you love and cherish each other
for the rest of your lives.
It's done.
Flower petal shower.
I can't believe Nai got a wife!
I thought he would be single forever,
given his crappy personality.
- Ditto.
- He's married now.
That means there's hope for us!
Let's dance
Congratulations, you two.
I'm going to join the parade.
I'll follow the bridal carriage.
Didn't Luwei Weiwei just get dumped?
Yixiao Naihe is the best player
in this server.
He's taking
Zhenshui Wuxiang's used harlot?
What's he thinking?
Top players are so eccentric.
If it were up to me,
Yixiao Naihe would be with Xiaoyu Yaoyao.
The best player should be matched
with the top beauty.
I'm glad someone has taste.
Yixiao Naihe must be blind.
Why did he marry a hag like Luwei Weiwei?
Stop it. I already have Zhenshui.
I know, I just feel bad for Yixiao Naihe.
Yaoyao, if Yixiao Naihe desired you, too,
who would you pick?
Yixiao Naihe seems quite wealthy, too.
This wedding is better
than Zhenshui's wedding.
Who cares about money?
I'd pick Zhenshui, for sure!
Yixiao Naihe versus Zhenshui Wuxiang,
Yixiao Naihe wins.
Luwei Weiwei versus Xiaoyu Yaoyao,
Xiaoyu Yaoyao wins.
Says who?
Mrs. Nai is much better!
Let's duke it out!
Right! Let's duke it out,
if you don't believe us.
I've seen Yixiao Naihe
and Xiaoyu Yaoyao together before.
Yeah? Me, too.
I saw them taking on monsters together.
It's only a few days ago, like last week.
That means Luwei Weiwei
got dumped by Zhenshui Wuxiang.
Yixiao Naihe got dumped by Xiaoyu Yaoyao.
Then the two broken hearts got together.
So, Yixiao Naihe and Luwei Weiwei
are a pair of bitter resentments?
Yixiao Naihe and Xiaoyu Yaoyao
took on monsters together?
They knew each other?
You know Xiaoyu Yaoyao?
No.
You've been seen
taking on monsters together.
That counts?
Yugong invited her to join our team once.
She was terrible, so I kicked her out.
It's consummation time. Let's watch!
When did "A Chinese Ghost Story"
offer the consummation function?
It's new, but it's quite boring.
You can only do two things.
One, chat while standing.
Two, chat while sitting.
It's all chat, no action.
Mr. Hou, what else do you expect?
They won't let us watch!
I need to take a call.
Okay.
What are we doing?
Enjoying the sights.
The moon is so full tonight!
Are we on our honeymoon?
Seriously? We're on our honeymoon!
Mr. Nai, you're so serious about this.
A penny for the song.
He's singing! A penny for the song!
Don't miss out, people!
A penny for the song.
Ding-dong! In-game wedding is complete.
If we don't hurry,
the sweet-and-sour pork will be all gone.
I forgot all about it!
- Come on!
- Let's go.
Why don't we have braised pork today?
What is it? You're so absorbed! Come on!
There's a lot of gossip lately.
People are slamming
the basketball game's false ad.
"When I saw the campus beauty
getting out of a luxury car,
my world collapsed."
Who wrote this headline? So nasty.
I like it, though.
There are photos! Wait!
- Is the signal stronger this way?
- Erxi, why don't we get in line?
It's loading! Hold your horses.
What is it?
The bag in the photo
is a lot like yours. Look!
What? That's me.
I remember,
Xiaoyang's mother gave me a ride back.
What's wrong with this post's author?
He's slandering you without fact-checking.
Thankfully he blurred out your face.
That's the least he could do. What now?
Let's eat, then find his account handle.
Let's go.
Check this out, guys.
"When I saw the campus beauty
getting out of a luxury car,
my world collapsed."
That's clearly all headline
and no story. Boring!
It is our campus gate.
This girl's got a nice figure.
Why would a nice Qing University beauty
stoop to that level?
She should date within the campus!
It's a shame.
What? Being at the campus gate
makes her a student here?
Don't be so simple-minded, okay?
Right? Plus, it could be her family's car.
People nowadays will do anything
for views.
They love to assume the worst of people.
Who can be so vile?
You're back.
This is a first post from a subaccount.
Let's check the IP address.
This person has a master account
called Guangmang Sishe.
Do you know who it is?
Guangmang Sishe? He's famous.
He's a gifted scholar
from Foreign Languages Department.
He's handsome,
and he's from a family of diplomats,
fluent in many languages.
When he speaks a foreign language, he's...
Anyway, compared to Xiao Nai,
he only loses by a tiny bit.
Wait, no. Two tiny bits.
What's his name?
- Cao Guang.
- Right.
Cao Guang? I don't know him.
Why would he post something like that?
Based on his previous posts,
I think he's an angry youth.
He probably believes
that you're actually...
That's too much! I'll go see him.
- Where to?
- Foreign Languages Department!
What's going on?
Look, pretty girl!
Isn't that Computer Department's belle?
Excuse me, guys,
are you from Foreign Languages Department?
- Yes.
- Yeah.
What can I do for you?
I'm looking for Cao Guang.
- Cao Guang?
- Cao Guang.
- Over there!
- That's him.
- Thanks.
- You're welcome.
What is it, Bei Weiwei?
Mr. Cao,
I'm here to restore your worldview.
What's this?
I'm the tutor for this little boy.
That's his mom, a single mother.
That day, his mom gave me a ride
back to campus.
Mr. Cao Guang,
it's entirely your business,
to have evil thoughts after seeing someone
get out of a luxury car.
But it's no longer just your business
when you posted it without evidence.
What do you want?
Delete the post
and apologize to me, right now.
Who knows if this photo is real or not?
It's easy for a computer major
to fake a photo.
You tracked me down, didn't you?
You don't believe me?
I don't suspect every girl
getting out of a luxury car.
You, however...
So, you like to carelessly and crassly
judge a person by her looks.
What's this?
You don't believe me?
Why don't you see it for yourself?
My student happens to need
an English tutor.
You can give it a shot.
How did it go, Weiwei?
He didn't believe me.
He says the photo is fake.
How rude!
We could say his photos are fake, too!
I'll go beat him up.
Go! I'm rooting for you!
Weiwei!
Why don't you take pity
on a meek girl like me?
You'll feed me to the lions?
Don't worry.
A guy like him can't touch a hair on you.
Plus, I'll be by your side,
cheering you on.
You have no love for me.
What now? He doesn't believe you!
Why aren't you anxious?
What's there to be anxious about?
A fake story can never be true.
I'll take care of it.
- You're so strong.
- Let's go.
Come on!
Weiwei, come to the Heavenly Palace.
Heavenly Palace? What a posh place!
Is he immobile by the trap skill,
Swing Rope?
He's not going anywhere.
Use your crappiest weapon on him.
Teach him a lesson.
Yixiao Naihe,
I only said you picked a used harlot.
Finish me off, if you must.
Why are you getting a woman to torture me?
It's you? I remember now!
That's right. It was me.
Finish me off, if you dare.
Hold your horses.
I'm glad I didn't throw away
my beginner's set.
What? Beginner's weapon?
I've got tens of thousands
of drops of blood.
At this rate, you'll be hacking me
into next year!
Worry not.
It's just tens of thousands of hacks.
It's on automatic.
My hand won't grow tired.
I admit, I was being nasty.
You can expose me to the public
if you want.
But will you get it over real quick?
Don't worry. You won't die.
When you're running low on blood,
I'll heal you.
What? You're mean!
Modao Shixie isn't afraid to die.
Why doesn't he log off
instead of taking the torture?
He's in a compulsive loop.
A compulsive loop quest?
Meaning if he logs off or gets killed,
he must start it all over?
You're cruel!
You're too kind. I need to take a call.
I'll go study, then.
Why aren't you in bed, Weiwei?
I'm studying. I'm almost done.
Am I being too loud?
The Xiaoyu clan? What are they doing here?
Yixiao Naihe? That woman's here, too.
Modao Shixie?
You know him?
He's helped me before, on a quest.
Should we intervene?
We have no chance.
Be reasonable! They're torturing him!
Killing him bit by bit!
Hey, Yixiao Naihe!
You're the best of the best players!
What kind of a hero bullies the weak?
Right? Two against one, too!
Hey! Why are you ignoring us?
It's a personal vendetta.
You should just keep moving.
What kind of a vendetta requires torture?
It's just a game.
If you don't want to die,
make yourself scarce now.
Subtitle translation by Lu Yuhan